PLinkTV is a plex channel which delivers your kippt and Delicious content to your plex
devices.

Please keep in mind that this channel will '''not transcode''' any content. So you have to make sure
that the content is viewable on your devices. If plex will support any transcoding of streamed
content in the future, this feature can be implemented afterwards.

=== Donation ===
Since I'm developing in my free time I'd like to ask you to support my work.
You can do it by contributing 5 EUR via paypal. This will give me motivation
to keep on coding and fixing bugs.

Thanks in advance

[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?no_note=0&lc=US&business=realriot%40realriot.de&item_name=GitHub+-+PLinkTV.bundle&cmd=_donations&currency_code=USD '''DONATE NOW VIA PAYPAL''']

=== Kippt support ===
You have to fetch your private api token from: http://developers.kippt.com/#apitoken<br>
The username and token will be used within the channel settings to authenticate against the
kippt service. You will be able to browse through all folders and lists.

=== Delicious support ===
Get your Declicious api key from here: https://delicious.com/settings/developer<br>
You'll get a '''Client ID''' and '''Client Secret which has to be configured within the
channel settings including username and password. This secret data is used for oauth 2.0 purposes.
To include your media links in your plex structure you have to add a special tag to your
links. As you can imagine the plex tag will be: !plex

=== themoviedb.org support ===
Lookup your personal API Key within your account details at: https://www.themoviedb.org/login<br>
You have to enter this key within the channel settings. A movie will get a lookup if you specify
a movie tag to your $plex clip-configuration. See the additional informations below.

=== Additional information ===
You can enter '''notes''' at kippt.com and '''comments''' at delicious.com for each clip. Within these
lines you can add a special configuration string which will be handled by this channel.

'''Syntax:'''
 $plex[<mediatype>,<videocodec>,<audiocodec>,<containertype>]

'''Example:'''
 $plex[movie,h264,aac,mp4]

'''The following values can be used. Everything else will be ignored:'''
* '''mediatype'''
** movie, tvseries, clip
* '''videocodec'''
** h264
* '''audiocodec'''
** aac
** mp3
** ac3
* '''containertype'''
** mp4
** mkv
** mov
** avi

If you choose '''movie''' as mediatype the TMDb support will lookup this movie and add the found
meta informations.
